updates repo to use Smart Agreement vocabulary. (#2)
unytco/smart_agreement_library: docs/smart_agreement_rules.md

# Rules when writing an Agreement Code Template and a Smart Agreement based on that Template in Rhai

## Overview

Currently, Smart Agreement Execution Code is written in Rhai, so you need to follow the [Rhai language](https://rhai.rs/) rules

> The key to writing Agreement Code Templates and Smart Agreements is understanding the [RaveOutput](https://docs.rs/rave_engine/latest/rave_engine/types/rave_output/struct.RaveOutput.html) struct. {TODO: Update Link} This is the structure of output the RAVE-rhai engine is expecting for the code to return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key to writing Agreement Code Templates and Smart Agreements is understanding the [RaveOutput](https://docs.rs/rave_engine/latest/rave_engine/types/entries/rave/rave_output/struct.RaveOutput.html) struct. This is the structure of output the RAVE-rhai engine is expecting for the code to return.
```

Read the Rules for the output section to understand how to return the correct output.

## Agreement Code Template

An Agreement Code template is a combination of 3 parts:

1. The Input Schema
2. The Execution Code
3. The Output Schema

### Input Schema

The input schema is a JSON Schema that defines the expected inputs into your code.

For this, you also should think through how you expect to pass the input when the Smart Agreement is Executed.

> Here are the ways you can pass the input to the Smart Agreement [Instructions](https://docs.rs/rave_engine/latest/rave_engine/types/executable_agreement/enum.Instruction.html) {TODO: Update Link}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the ways you can pass the input to the Smart Agreement [Instructions](https://docs.rs/rave_engine/latest/rave_engine/types/entries/executable_agreement/rules/enum.Instruction.html) 
```
